bye
about the same hey guys it's Emily and
wow I am actually very impressed with
the lighting right now it's like 630pm
so this is really good how my hair
totally faded so sorry if this bugs you
I'm just trying to wash out all the pink
so today I have another back to school
video for you guys and I'm so excited
because I uploaded three times this week
yeah thumbs up because i uploaded three
times and I not going to happen for a
while yeah today's video is for those of
you who are going to college or in
college right now and it's just
basically some college study tips
because obviously when you come back
from summer vacation your brain is just
not there you know what I mean but lucky
for you I have been doing summer school
all summer so I am very like updated on
my tips and I wanted to share it with
you guys so hopefully you find this
video helpful and let's just get started
none of these are in order or anything
but my first tip to you is to write down
all your due dates like oh my voice and
what this means is that in college if
you guys are going to your first year
you don't know this but it's very
different from high school sometimes
it's like a shock good to pick your
classes and it's usually tuesday
thursday classes or monday wednesday
friday classes so it's very easy for you
to forget things so i recommend writing
down all your due dates and you should
definitely get like a little calendar to
have by your desk so you can just glance
over and be like oh have this coming up
i should probably work on that or oh i
have a test coming up i should follow
study for that and if you guys don't
believe me i'm about to show you what my
calendar looks like don't be shocked
yeah oh and another tip is to highlight
all your due dates in different colors
according to your classes so on here my
calendar is
very very colorful so I have quizzes
that I highlighted and I wrote down all
the dates on because they normally give
you a syllabus and it's very important
through the syllabus so read the
syllabus and professors get so annoyed
with this when people ask the same
questions that on the syllabus so don't
be one of those people because they will
probably hate you just kidding they
won't but I wrote down like when this is
due and when that's day when I have a
paper due when my midterms do even if
it's like just write down your whole
schedule for either the semester or the
quarter really really helps you out
really does the next study tip I have
for you guys isn't really a study tip
but it's just a tip in general you
should probably get yourself some stacks
of post-it notes and I don't know about
you but I'm pretty like organized but I
always feel overwhelmed if I just looked
at my calendar so what I like to do is
go week by week and just write down on
to do list even it's every single day
I'll write a different like to do list
so if I need to read certain chapters or
write certain papers i'll have like a
to-do list for every day and I like
checking that off and it just makes you
feel really good because you're just
checking off like mini goals and stuff
so just have mini goals to accomplish
your big goal the next study tip you
probably dreaded and hated in middle
school / high school but it is taking
notes while you read it's a very simple
concept and I actually like taking notes
when I read better because you know
sometimes you do read a book and the
glide gout and then you're like wait
what did i just read and you end up
reading it like 20 bajillion times and
you're still like wait what did i read
so what I like to do and it keeps me
very focused as well is to just write
like keynotes after each paragraph or so
so I can go back later and study from
that and it helps so much you don't even
understand who the next college study
tip I have for you is a very important
and it's whenever you have a midterm /
final coming up most of the time
professors will provide a study guide
for you if not then they suck but they
normally should and what you should do
what you should do is to fill out that
study guide you don't have to go into
details but just get the main concepts
down that will probably be asked because
oh my gosh my first quarter of college
was so bad i'm not even tell you how bad
i did because it's embarrassing and my
parents don't know how bad i did so i'm
not going to tell you but just keep in
mind i did very very very bad so it's
mainly because i didn't care and I never
fill out the study guides and then the
next quarter I was like I needed like
get my grades up so i started doing all
of these tips and its really helped me
throughout my college career so far so i
highly highly highly suggest filling out
your study guide and another tip is for
those of you who are taking math classes
or statistics I took statistics my
freshman year like for the whole year so
what really helped me is obviously one
taking book notes because math can get
really confusing really fast and
especially in college because you're
basically going to teach yourself the
professor just goes over like the main
points in class but sometimes it's not
very clear so it's very important that
you read the book and just take notes on
it and what I like to do is put it on
like flash cards like the harder
equations that are a bajillion letters
and numbers long so I like to write that
out and on the other side I will have
like an example so i can walk myself
through the steps if that makes any
sense and another tip I have is don't be
afraid to ask for help whether it's like
you have a question about something if
it's like a math problem you're not sure
about or like a concept that you're not
sure about ask for help you do not have
to just go up to the professor and talk
to a professor and ask for help like I
personally have never done that before
because I get shy and there's like so
many students and stuff so for me I just
like to email my TA and your TAS are
very important because they are there to
help you the professor really helps you
everything goes to the TA first and then
to the professor if the TAS can't answer
it there's a lot of resources that are
meant to help you succeed so why not
take advantage of it I mean you
are technically paying thousands of
dollars so do it and that is basically
it for this video those are some of my
college study tips I know you guys are
still on summer vacation but a lot of
you are probably going back to school in
august which is next month or wait by
the time you watch this Oh be August I
hope you guys are very excited for
school college is an awesome experience
and you definitely learn different
skills that you do not get to learn in
high school because everything's kind of
catered to you and you'll learn that
very quickly if you guys have any other
questions feel free to leave them in the
comments and I'll answer basically all
of you because I reply to all of my
comments because I love you that is all
I have for today's video and I hope you
guys enjoyed it don't forget to
subscribe for more videos and I'll see
you in the next one bye